<!--
title: ConnectionString
description: Contains the connection details required to establish communication with the target database.
version: 1.0.0+985fa281609b0afa8cea033581aabacb4efd2baa
generated: true
date: 2025-04-03T21:58:32Z
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual --generate-docs`
-->


Contains the connection details required to establish communication with the target database.

```yaml
RunSqlSelect:
  ConnectionString:
```

## Summary

Contains the connection details required to establish communication with the target database.
This property is critical for successful query execution and should include parameters such as
server address, database name, authentication credentials, and other necessary configurations.

## Properties

* [DatabaseProvider]((action)-runsqlselect-databaseprovider.md) - Specifies the database provider to be used for executing the SQL query.
* [ConnectionString]((action)-runsqlselect-connectionstring.md) - Contains the connection details required to establish communication with the target database.
* [SqlQuery]((action)-runsqlselect-sqlquery.md) - Represents the SQL SELECT query that will be executed against the database.
* [Explanation]((action)-runsqlselect-explanation.md) - Provides a descriptive explanation of the SQL SELECT action.
* [Result]((action)-runsqlselect-result.md) - Represents the result of the executed SQL SELECT query.

## Parent models

* [.halguru-action.yaml: RunSqlSelect:]((action)-runsqlselect.md) - Executes a SQL SELECT query against a database.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru-action.yaml: RunSqlSelect: ConnectionString:`
* Internal type: `RunSqlSelectAction`
* Internal root type: `ActionConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-action-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-action-schema.json)
