<!--
title: DatabaseProvider
description: Specifies the database provider to be used for executing the SQL query.
version: 1.0.0+985fa281609b0afa8cea033581aabacb4efd2baa
generated: true
date: 2025-04-05T19:13:16Z
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual --generate-docs`
-->


Specifies the database provider to be used for executing the SQL query.

```yaml
RunSqlSelect:
  DatabaseProvider:
```

## Summary

Specifies the database provider to be used for executing the SQL query.
This property should align with a recognized database provider name, such as "SqlServer", "MySql", etc.
It is a critical parameter for connecting to the database and must be set before executing a SQL SELECT action.

## Properties

* [DatabaseProvider]((action)-runsqlselect-databaseprovider.md) - Specifies the database provider to be used for executing the SQL query.
* [ConnectionString]((action)-runsqlselect-connectionstring.md) - Contains the connection details required to establish communication with the target database.
* [SqlQuery]((action)-runsqlselect-sqlquery.md) - Represents the SQL SELECT query that will be executed against the database.
* [Explanation]((action)-runsqlselect-explanation.md) - Provides a descriptive explanation of the SQL SELECT action.
* [Result]((action)-runsqlselect-result.md) - Represents the result of the executed SQL SELECT query.

## Parent models

* [.halguru-action.yaml: RunSqlSelect:]((action)-runsqlselect.md) - Executes a SQL SELECT query against a database.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru-action.yaml: RunSqlSelect: DatabaseProvider:`
* Internal type: `RunSqlSelectAction`
* Internal root type: `ActionConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-action-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-action-schema.json)
