<!--
title: MaxRetryAttempts
description: Determines whether the robot should retry the check fails.
version: 1.0.0+171c62d57116db7b4c2f74ee0132602e1e42a1c7
generated: true
date: 2025-03-31T14:52:15Z
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual --generate-docs`
-->


Determines whether the robot should retry the check fails.

```yaml
Agent:
  Features:
    MaxRetryAttempts:
```

## Summary

Indicates whether the robot should retry the check fails.

## Properties

* [CheckAllUrls]((halguru)-agent-features-checkallurls.md) - Determines whether all URLs exist and are valid in the generated answer.
* [CheckIsAnswerCorrect]((halguru)-agent-features-checkisanswercorrect.md) - Determines whether the answer provided is evaluated as correct.
* [CheckIsLastUrlCorrectAnswer]((halguru)-agent-features-checkislasturlcorrectanswer.md) - Determines whether the last URL in the provided collection is the correct answer.
* [CommentCurrentUrl]((halguru)-agent-features-commentcurrenturl.md) - Determines whether the robot should comment the current URL.
* [PerChannelThreading]((halguru)-agent-features-perchannelthreading.md) - Determines whether a separate thread is created for each channel.
* [MaxRetryAttempts]((halguru)-agent-features-maxretryattempts.md) - Determines whether the robot should retry the check fails.

## Parent models

* [.halguru.yaml: Agent: Features:]((halguru)-agent-features.md) - Defines the configurable properties that determine how an agent operates during its execution.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru.yaml: Agent: Features: MaxRetryAttempts:`
* Internal type: `AgentFeatures`
* Internal root type: `AgentConfiguration`
