<!--
title: Messages[]
version: 1.0.0+985fa281609b0afa8cea033581aabacb4efd2baa
generated: true
date: 2025-04-05T18:56:52Z
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual --generate-docs`
-->


```yaml
Agent:
  Themes:
    -
      Messages:
        -
```

## Summary

Represents the visual theme for a chat message, including settings for icon appearance
and text or background colors. This class defines customization properties that control
the overall design of individual chat messages.

## Remarks

The class allows configuration of:
- Icons via CSS classes, colors, or URLs.
- Background and text colors for enhanced customization.
Setting these properties helps ensure that chat messages conform to the desired visual styling.

## Properties

* [MessageType]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-messagetype.md) - The type of the chat message.
* [IconCssClass]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-iconcssclass.md) - The CSS class for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [IconColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-iconcolor.md) - The color for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [IconUrl]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-iconurl.md) - The URL for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [BackgroundColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-backgroundcolor.md) - The background color for the user interface.
* [TextColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list-textcolor.md) - The text color displayed in the user interface.

## Parent models

* [.halguru.yaml: Agent: Themes[]: Messages[]:]((halguru)-agent-themes-list-messages-list.md)
## Summary

* Path: `.halguru.yaml: Agent: Themes[]: Messages[]:`
* Internal type: `ChatMessageTheme`
* Internal root type: `AgentConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json)
