<!--
title: Channels
description: The communication channels that are available to the agent.
version: 1.40.7-beta.14
generated: true
date: 2025-04-29
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual -c -m`
-->


The communication channels that are available to the agent.

```yaml
Channels:
```

## Summary

Represents the communication channels available to the agent, enabling specific configurations and capabilities for interaction.

## Properties

* [HalGuru]((halguru)-halguru.md) - Header information for the hal.guru platform. Don't change this.
* [Agent]((halguru)-agent.md) - The agent configuration
* [Operator]((halguru)-operator.md) - The operator configuration
* [Messages]((halguru)-messages-list.md) - Static messages used for quick access within the system.
* [Prompts]((halguru)-prompts-list.md) - Prompts available within the agent's configuration.
* [LlmConnectors]((halguru)-llmconnectors-list.md) - LLM connector configurations.
* [Secrets]((halguru)-secrets-list.md) - Key-value pairs used to store sensitive information.
* [State]((halguru)-state.md) - The state of the agent.
* [TestCases]((halguru)-testcases-list.md) - Test cases for validating the behavior of an agent.
* [ExampleMessages]((halguru)-examplemessages-list.md) - Example messages that demonstrate input-output interactions for an agent.
* [Channels]((halguru)-channels-list.md) - The communication channels that are available to the agent.
* [UserLimits]((halguru)-userlimits.md) - Defines the access limitations and restrictions for users based on their account type

## Parent models

* [.halguru.yaml:]((halguru).md) - The full configuration of an agent.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru.yaml: Channels:`
* Internal type: `AgentConfiguration`
* Internal root type: `AgentConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json)
