<!--
title: System
version: 1.40.3-beta.6
generated: true
date: 2025-04-28
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual -c -m`
-->


```yaml
Agent:
  Themes:
    Light:
      Messages:
        System:
```

## Summary

Represents the visual theme for a chat message, including settings for icon appearance and text or background colors. This class defines customization properties that control the overall design of individual chat messages.

## Remarks

The class allows configuration of: - Icons via CSS classes, colors, or URLs. - Background and text colors for enhanced customization. Setting these properties helps ensure that chat messages conform to the desired visual styling.

## Properties

* [MessageType]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-messagetype.md) - The type of the chat message.
* [IconCssClass]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-iconcssclass.md) - The CSS class for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [IconColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-iconcolor.md) - The color for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [IconUrl]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-iconurl.md) - The URL for the icon displayed in the user interface.
* [BackgroundColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-backgroundcolor.md) - The background color for the user interface.
* [TextColor]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system-textcolor.md) - The text color displayed in the user interface.

## Parent models

* [.halguru.yaml: Agent: Themes: Light: Messages: System:]((halguru)-agent-themes-light-messages-system.md)
## Summary

* Path: `.halguru.yaml: Agent: Themes: Light: Messages: System:`
* Internal type: `LightSystemMessageTheme`
* Internal root type: `AgentConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json)
