<!--
title: Version
description: The version of the agent.
version: 1.40.0
generated: true
date: 2025-04-25
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual -c -m`
-->


The version of the agent.

```yaml
Agent:
  Version:
```

## Summary

Gets or sets the version information of the robot.

## Remarks

The Version property specifies the version of the agent's configuration or implementation. It can be used to identify and differentiate between various iterations or releases of the agent. Version should be in the format: Major.Minor[.Patch] or GitVersionInfo It’s common practice to prefix your version names with the letter v. Some good tag names might be v1.0.0 or v2.3.4. If the tag isn’t meant for production use, add a pre-release version after the version name. Some good pre-release versions might be v0.2.0-alpha or v5.9-beta.3.

## Properties

* [Id]((halguru)-agent-id.md) - The unique identifier for the agent (GUID ex. 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012).
* [Name]((halguru)-agent-name.md) - The name of the agent.
* [Type]((halguru)-agent-type.md) - The type of the agent, such as Basic (default), Advanced, or Custom.
* [Version]((halguru)-agent-version.md) - The version of the agent.
* [Description]((halguru)-agent-description.md) - The description of the agent.
* [Author]((halguru)-agent-author.md) - The author information of the agent.
* [Start]((halguru)-agent-start.md) - The starting configuration for the agent.
* [Themes]((halguru)-agent-themes.md) - The collection of themes and their associated designs for the agent.
* [UI]((halguru)-agent-ui.md) - The user interface design configuration for the agent.
* [Features]((halguru)-agent-features.md) - The features and capabilities of the agent.

## Parent models

* [.halguru.yaml: Agent:]((halguru)-agent.md) - The AI Agent configuration.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru.yaml: Agent: Version:`
* Internal type: `Agent`
* Internal root type: `AgentConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-schema.json)
