<!--
title: .halguru-state.yaml
description: Defines the operational state and associated metadata for a session of an agent.
version: 1.40.7-beta.14
generated: true
date: 2025-04-28
node: This file is generated by the command-line program: `halguru manual -c -m`
-->


Defines the operational state and associated metadata for a session of an agent.

## Summary

Defines the operational state and associated metadata for a session of an agent.

## Properties

* [UserType]((state)-usertype.md) - The type of user associated with the agent's current session.
* [MessagesCount]((state)-messagescount-list.md) - The count of messages associated with the AI Agent
* [LastMonthMessagesCount]((state)-lastmonthmessagescount-list.md) - The total number of messages exchanged during the last calendar month.
* [LastDayMessagesCount]((state)-lastdaymessagescount-list.md) - The count of messages sent or received by the agent in the last day.
* [MessageWordsCount]((state)-messagewordscount-list.md) - The count of words associated with the AI Agent
* [LastMonthMessagesWordsCount]((state)-lastmonthmessageswordscount-list.md) - The total number of messages words exchanged during the last calendar month.
* [LastDayMessagesWordsCount]((state)-lastdaymessageswordscount-list.md) - The count of messages words sent or received by the agent in the last day.
* [Started]((state)-started-list.md) - The moment when the agent AI is initiated
* [LastAccess]((state)-lastaccess-list.md) - Last access to the agent.
* [IsStarted]((state)-isstarted-list.md) - Indicates whether the agent has been started.
* [ThreadId]((state)-threadid.md) - The identifier of the thread associated with the agent.
* [LlmConnectorName]((state)-llmconnectorname.md) - The name of the LLM connector associated with the agent.
* [PromptName]((state)-promptname.md) - The name of the currently active prompt associated with the agent.
* [Url]((state)-url.md) - The URL associated with the agent state.
* [Language]((state)-language.md) - The language associated with the agent state.
* [Description]((state)-description.md) - A brief description or details regarding the agent state.
* [Variables]((state)-variables-list.md) - A collection of variables associated with the agent state.

## Summary

* Path: `.halguru-state.yaml:`
* Internal type: `StateConfiguration`
* Internal root type: `StateConfiguration`
* JSON Schema for YAML: [https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-state-schema.json](https://docs.hal.guru/schemas/halguru-state-schema.json)
